README.md, before:

# Tibetan Language Enablement (tlreq)

This is the place to explore gaps in support for languages using the Tibetan script on the Web and in eBooks, and to document requirements.

We aim to address the problem that local users don't know how to tell the W3C what problems exist for support of their language on the Web, and the W3C doesn't know how to contact people who can help when questions arise.

Topics for discussion are suggested by [the gap-analysis template](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/templates/gap-analysis/gap-analysis_template.html). This work feeds into the [language matrix](https://www.w3.org/International/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html) which provides a heat-map for language issues on the Web.


### Key links
[GitHub repo](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq) • [Discussion threads](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/issues) • [Issue tracker](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/textlayout/?filter=tlreq) (with tlreq filter) • [Charter](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/charter/)


### Documents
- [**Tibetan Gap Analysis**](https://www.w3.org/TR/tibt-gap) • [*Editor's draft*](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/gap-analysis/) • [*Latest commits*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/commits/gh-pages/gap-analysis/index.html) • [*Edit/comment on GitHub*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/labels/doc%3Atibt)
- [**Tibetan Layout Requirements**](https://www.w3.org/TR/tlreq) • [*Editor's draft*](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/) • [*Latest commits*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/commits/gh-pages/index.html)


### Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issue list](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/issues) to report issues for language support, for discussions, and to send feedback about documents. (Learn [how GitHub issues work](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/issues.html).)

Note that the public-i18n-tibetan mailing list is used to send notification digests & meeting minutes. It is **not** for technical discussion.


### Participate
You can participate in the task force work at various levels. In order of increasing commitment, these include Follower, Contributor, Participant, Editor, and Chair. [Find your level](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/task_force_roles).

**To just follow the work:** Rather than 'Watch' this repository, [subscribe](mailto:public-i18n-tibetan-request@w3.org?subject=subscribe) to the [public-i18n-tibetan](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-tibetan/) mailing list. That list is notified (no more than once a day, and in digest form), about changes to issues in this repository, but also about other W3C Working Group issues related to the Tibetan writing systems.

**To contribute content:** All contributors must read and agree with [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

**To become a participant, editor, or chair:** contact [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org). We welcome participation requests.

To get an idea about what's involved, see [Get involved with Language Enablement!](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/languagedev_participation). 


### Contacts

- W3C staff: Chunming Hu, [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org)


### Links
- [Mail archive](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-tibetan/)
- [Writing i18n tests](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/wiki/Writing-i18n-tests)
- [Practical tips for task forces](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/process.html) (See also the github and editorial guidelines below)
- [Charter](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/charter/)
- Action tracker (tbd)
- Meeting info (tbd)


### Links to background information
The following information describes work going on at the W3C to support languages on the Web.
- [Language support heatmap (matrix)](https://www.w3.org/International/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html)
- [Analysing support for text layout on the Web](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/nav/languagedev)
- [Overview of language enablement work in progress](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/nav/languagedev)
- [Get involved with Language Enablement](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/languagedev_participation)
- [Setting up a Gap Analysis Project](https://github.com/w3c/typography/wiki/Setting-up-a-Gap-Analysis-Project)
- [Internationalization Sponsorship Program](https://www.w3.org/International/sponsorship/)


### Links for editors
**Because the document is bilingual, you need to follow certain steps when creating or modifying the source text.** See [EDITING.md](https://w3c.github.io/tlreq/EDITING) for details.

If you edit a document, you should be familiar with and use the following:

- [Github guidelines for working with i18n documents](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/github)
- [Editorial guidelines for working with i18n documents](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/editing)

Commit message:

Add Help Wanted section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Tibetan Language Enablement (tlreq)

This is the place to explore gaps in support for languages using the Tibetan script on the Web and in eBooks, and to document requirements.

We aim to address the problem that local users don't know how to tell the W3C what problems exist for support of their language on the Web, and the W3C doesn't know how to contact people who can help when questions arise.

Topics for discussion are suggested by [the gap-analysis template](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/templates/gap-analysis/gap-analysis_template.html). This work feeds into the [language matrix](https://www.w3.org/International/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html) which provides a heat-map for language issues on the Web.


### Key links
[GitHub repo](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq) • [Discussion threads](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/issues) • [Issue tracker](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/textlayout/?filter=tlreq) (with tlreq filter) • [Charter](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/charter/)


---
## Help wanted! ###
**We're looking for information about this writing system. Follow the link for specific questions.**

**[Tibetan](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquestion)**

---





### Documents
- [**Tibetan Gap Analysis**](https://www.w3.org/TR/tibt-gap) • [*Editor's draft*](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/gap-analysis/) • [*Latest commits*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/commits/gh-pages/gap-analysis/index.html) • [*Edit/comment on GitHub*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/labels/doc%3Atibt)
- [**Tibetan Layout Requirements**](https://www.w3.org/TR/tlreq) • [*Editor's draft*](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/) • [*Latest commits*](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/commits/gh-pages/index.html)


### Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issue list](https://github.com/w3c/tlreq/issues) to report issues for language support, for discussions, and to send feedback about documents. (Learn [how GitHub issues work](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/issues.html).)

Note that the public-i18n-tibetan mailing list is used to send notification digests & meeting minutes. It is **not** for technical discussion.


### Participate
You can participate in the task force work at various levels. In order of increasing commitment, these include Follower, Contributor, Participant, Editor, and Chair. [Find your level](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/task_force_roles).

**To just follow the work:** Rather than 'Watch' this repository, [subscribe](mailto:public-i18n-tibetan-request@w3.org?subject=subscribe) to the [public-i18n-tibetan](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-tibetan/) mailing list. That list is notified (no more than once a day, and in digest form), about changes to issues in this repository, but also about other W3C Working Group issues related to the Tibetan writing systems.

**To contribute content:** All contributors must read and agree with [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

**To become a participant, editor, or chair:** contact [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org). We welcome participation requests.

To get an idea about what's involved, see [Get involved with Language Enablement!](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/languagedev_participation). 


### Contacts

- W3C staff: Chunming Hu, [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org)


### Links
- [Mail archive](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-tibetan/)
- [Writing i18n tests](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/wiki/Writing-i18n-tests)
- [Practical tips for task forces](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/process.html) (See also the github and editorial guidelines below)
- [Charter](https://www.w3.org/International/tlreq/charter/)
- Action tracker (tbd)
- Meeting info (tbd)


### Links to background information
The following information describes work going on at the W3C to support languages on the Web.
- [Language support heatmap (matrix)](https://www.w3.org/International/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html)
- [Analysing support for text layout on the Web](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/nav/languagedev)
- [Overview of language enablement work in progress](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/nav/languagedev)
- [Get involved with Language Enablement](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-drafts/pages/languagedev_participation)
- [Setting up a Gap Analysis Project](https://github.com/w3c/typography/wiki/Setting-up-a-Gap-Analysis-Project)
- [Internationalization Sponsorship Program](https://www.w3.org/International/sponsorship/)


### Links for editors
**Because the document is bilingual, you need to follow certain steps when creating or modifying the source text.** See [EDITING.md](https://w3c.github.io/tlreq/EDITING) for details.

If you edit a document, you should be familiar with and use the following:

- [Github guidelines for working with i18n documents](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/github)
- [Editorial guidelines for working with i18n documents](https://www.w3.org/International/i18n-activity/guidelines/editing)
